Improve README description (#599)
pixijs/pixi-react: README.md

### Quick Start

> **If you want to start a new React project from scratch, we recommend one of the following options:**
> 
> 1. **Use the official [CLI tool to create PixiJS](https://pixijs.io/create-pixi/) projects, and choose the React
>    template:**
> 
> Select the React template from Framework Templates:
> 
> ```bash
> ? Select a type of template: › - Use arrow-keys. Return to submit.
>     Bundler Templates
> ❯   Framework Templates
>     Creation Templates
>     Extension
> 
> ✔ Select a type of template: › Framework Templates
> ? Select a variant: › - Use arrow-keys. Return to submit.
> ❯   React
> ```
> 
> **This will create a new React + Vite project, with Pixi.js and `@pixi/react` already preconfigured!**
> 
> 2. **Manual React + Vite setup:**
> 
> You can also install [React + Vite](https://vite.dev/guide/), or use any other React-based framework (e.g. Remix,
> Next.js, etc).
> To add `@pixi/react` to an existing React project, simply install the required dependencies:

Reviewer: PixiJs Create actually provides the `--template` flag which can greatly simplify these instructions:
````suggestion
If you want to start a new React project from scratch, we recommend using [PixiJS Create](https://pixijs.io/create-pixi/) with the PixiJS React template:

```bash
npm create pixi.js@latest pixi-project -- --template framework-react
```

If you prefer to setup your project manually, or you're installing in an existing project, PixiJS React can be installed via your package manager:
````
